Who bullied Xiao Fan?
stand up
It's not like this, Mr. Lu, listen to my explanation
No need to explain.
You're fired.
Oh, Mr. Lu, what a big breath!
You also want to be fired
Fire me Lu Chaoyue
Don't you know
The purpose of today's shareholders' meeting
Wait until you can still sit in the position of president
Let's talk about firing me
Yes, this president
He doesn't know if he can be it yet
Lu Zhaoyuan, you can pick up the waste I threw away
Really fussy
Are you saying hi?
look
Have you forgotten what my slap feels like?
I'm just active
Look, it scares you.
You don't want me
If you don't pay back, don't even think about getting a long print on your face
Of course it can also be like this
Report a two-tone note to your face every day